Hello dear friends, swami
marakasi you watch the show chic
position release 42 first location
located on lasville map in a square
e2 and you need a fast tank wish
good vertical angles from us
pickups and driving on this Putin
Of course it's quite difficult to move forward.
to the top
but without the help of the allies
you can climb and basically on
the way you spend is not so much
time for that you can easily shoot
on enemy tanks
because they are unlikely to be expected
the fact that you appear here and suddenly
suddenly start shooting at them
of course then opponents for sure
keep warm on you but you can always
troll distract highlight
and all sorts of dirty tricks are very interesting
unusual position but really worth
note that there can get art
if it stands for example squared to 1
or co2 and then instead is not even
safe and the next position is
on the pass map in square f3 and you
a very smart tank is needed as well
big overclocking to drop in here
slide and position rather peculiar
She probably come in order to
defend against opponents who
for example attack over the bridge
or in some other direction that is
go to your base and from here you can
very good defit as here
a lot of bushes and can be due
masking even play but surely worth it
note that the position is open and if
suddenly opponents will light you then they are without
problems on oms can shoot
in this case, of course, players on the lungs
tanks of the third level for 1c nothing
could not oppose the enemy
but I think for example on hellcat or else
on any tanks with good
disguise
here you can freely shoot
enemy tanks and on we still go
one wonderful point on the map of the south
beach in square n 4
and definitely need a fast tank and
it also needs a big one
acceleration to get here on this mountain
maybe it won't work right the first time
I warn you, but if you try
You can certainly take this interesting
place and from here you can shoot
huge territory where most often
there are opponents such as a balcony there
where my opponents constantly shine
and you just have to shoot them
Naturally on this place is extremely important
masking your tank if opponents
you will shine and hide there will be
quite difficult but in general the place is just
gorgeous here you can do a lot of damage
and on such cheater tanks like e25 you
most likely will not even glow well
unless of course the enemy arrives
too close well and in general I think that
just chic on we go quite
curious position for your defense
base on lasville map squared f3 in
early you can be here before
to shoot at opponents who
crushed
on the right flank for example from the gut or
from the city but if suddenly opponents
begin to crush from the gorge that is left
flank then from here you can also very
even a good defense
if you get up here at this place
of course you need good angles
vertical guidance is also your tank
should be small and in the end you
can easily throw
opponent of barts to
into the roof and they will be extremely uncomfortable with
you cope on the whole chic. to all
I advise to the pluses can also be attributed to
what is missing art if it is of course
I haven't moved anywhere and also here
it is possible to tank a pretty well tower and very
for a long time the only thing they can
take opponents it's just rush
by the crowd
then of course they can destroy you
if nobody covers you
Well, in general, just great.
and the last interesting place is the position in
our release is on the map
windstorm squared n 4
Any medium tank is suitable in principle.
here you go to this place and here you can
hide here for this mountain and you will
lean out quickly
shoot at the enemy and then you will
hiding again this way opponents
unlikely to be able to react as you
disappear because of the light only then
leave give a shot and hide again
but the truth is worth noting that rather
just deliver here
app that so it is worth going here if
it does not have it if you're just not afraid Well
and generally a very interesting place to
my opinion of course you shoot here
from afar by alien glare but in principle
it is even safer besides you
see where opponents look sogrin and
you they on you if not then you can
just peeking at this moment when
they are from the magnitude of giving him a shot
then you will hide and that's it
dear friends thank you so much
I hope you watched this video
liked do not forget to subscribe
on the channel and put huskies
I also want to thank the guys who
select replays thank you so much and
see you soon friends
all the best to you have been
marakasi bye